TO DO

Check out twine and how to make it work with incremental part

Create basic fantasy setting where spirit is generated - use agriculture, trading, military

alloys, lumber, mushrooms
grow metals (???)
tin


generate crops
use crops to feed people - grow pops
town has limited space

agriculture - using gains for own development
trading - using gains for social development
military - using gains for dominance

crops grow
randomly, a rare crop will grow (TIN, copper)
use rare crops for varying purposes (???) affect rate of rare crops?

while procedural == true:  
    



PLAN 

Objective : Increase spirit

In beginning -- harvest crops (might tie a cooldown to it later)

When crop threshold is reached, unlock multiple opportunities for refinement

Gain a pop -- each pop provides spirit


agricultural: -- produces food
    Upgrades:
    clicking power upgraded by number of farmers
    harvest power increase
    harvesting also generates spirit

trade:  -- generates constant spirit -- exchange resources (bad to begin with)
    Each trader generates an additional spirit
    Offers randomised trades from neibouring factions (maybe work this out with milo)
    3 choices, and a refresh button.

    More traders, less cooldown

    Upgrades -- cost Grivna:
    Better offers upfront
    More spirit yields from trades
    Random haggle chance
    automatic *best* trade
    Merchants procure a random resource every tick

military:  -- risk/reward for much spirit -- capture food / ore 
    Upgrades:
        Reduce risk
        Raise reward
        Increase rate



To do -- Again
List Warfare Stats -- and show Upgrades
Create Trade screen
write milo a script


Todo

Show and hide upgrades DONE
add cooldown to trade -- and make spirit gain dependent on value -- also randomise trade values
    TRADE
    
Make new upgrades -- later make the upgrades generic

Better Trade cooldown
Harvest based on number of Farmers
Gain Trophies from warfare (these generate spirit)


Add trophies as the output of military -- generate spirit per tick
finish war things -- rewards are janky

Todo
Make trophies gen spirit per tick (1)
Add Warfare upgrades, Agriculture upgrades
Add descriptions
Make a social Media post (BOOOO) [DONE]
Have lunch :))) << - DOing this one

Todo
Make some breakfast
Chill until 9am

Fuse metals (onetime) - cost tin
Increase farmer power - cost copper
Add farmer power to click power  - cost crops
Gain spirit when you gain crops - cost bronze

Increase reward multiplier - cost trophies
Increase reward chance - cost copper
Reduce Risk - cost tin

Add trophies, bronze to trade warTable
Make upgrades show in descriptions


JASON V milo
DotA 2
SLay the spire 
Chess 
Mario KaRgO3KzK90IxgqXyFECs
Super Smash Bros 


BIG TODO LIST
Twine Routing 
Section 5 - Warfare
    Start with set Spirit,- call it Morale
    Grivna, Soliders, Barony of St Byzantinov - Economy, Manpower, The Russian Federation


    Do 5 main story, 5 flash events randomised

    i_f_progress = 0
    list_of_events = [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10]
    if progress % 2 == 0 :
        scenetype = "m"
        
    else:


Section 8 - Hospital
    Start with mentalSpirit from Section 3
Section 9 - Section 5, reduced 



Section 1 Rework
    Descriptions for Warfare and Trade
    XColour coding for Ag,War,Trade (Green,Red,Blue) X 
    XGeneral Spacing out X
    xRework Trade upgrades -- not just cost grivna, cost copper and tin and crops..
    add 2 more trade upgrades 
    grivna -- double trade spirit value  
    tin -- double trade value 

XIntro to Sec3  -- MILO ctrlf "Intro go here" DONE
XEvent values - MILO to complete base, jason write function for rubber banding DONE
XMore events - MIL:O DONE
Xdifferent labels for buttons X
X0 job - You think you're going to lose your job
X0 dignity - You are disgusting
X0 peace - You have a panic attack in the street 
X0 social - You have never felt so alone 

Section5
North East and Southern fronts 
Recruit Soldiers for Grivna 
Grivna Cost for campaigns
Expected outcome -- Good player net gain land and morale 
    economy only goes up from aid 
    manpower only goes up from spending economy 
upgrades cost grivna 

Section8 
Make button cooldown

MILO'S QUESTIONS/POINTS FOR THE SON OF JAS.
    XI couldn't find the function in the Twine that calculates the 'focus' (military, agriculture, commerce) for if2.  So I've just made a variable called $Focus, which can have values "Military", "Commerce", or "Agriculture".  Actually assigning the variable I leave to you.
    XThe final 'work' section about cancelling roleplaying is essential, and answering it should probably be the end condition for 3.  Maybe after timer runs out all other elements but that question disappear, if it hasn't already been slected?
    XCheck my comment at in 'if4' in Twine.
    XJust found a place where I used $Focus in section 4.  Is that an issue?  Especially since it won't have changed since 2?  If problem, really inconsequential part, can easily cut.
    XI've put 2 and 4 into Twine.

TODO
X sec3 Outcome of events function do thing 
X why is the log container being weird 
X WHY CAPITAL LETTER 
FIX COOLDOWN WAR BUG 

X"""If high spirit 
less positive, more negative 

if low spirit 
more positive, less negative 
"""

X FIX SEC3 SLOWDOWN 

X BUFF SWOLE ALPHA TAX AND NERF BETA FARMER RESOURCE OUTPUT

Milo's extra variables:
    insubordination (created in if61m, called in if62m)
    usb (created in if63m, called in)
    $mentalBreak (set to 1 at end of if65m) -- will just do this in the progress number (starts at )


Priorities
rework war5 function 
recruit function 
make sure variables dont hit 0

if soldiers hits zero, conscript for a big hit to morale 
Random attacks every 20 seconds not 60, 50:50 chance -- lose manpower, land and morale randomly.


Milo's comments:

    Section 1:
    Maybe change the wording on stalemante, 'bitter stalemate' leading into 'gain spirit' seems incongruous.
    Found a bug where warefare would basically instantly reset occasionally.  Think it happens after buying soldiers.
    Got the Barony to "120% chance of reward, 5% chance of casualty" which doesn't seem right...
    Right, a couple of points on balance from my soldier build game:
        I was routinely losing about a third of my whole army while attacking Polthia, even in the end game.  Since the Barony was basically a guaranteed win, and they guarantee food, attacking them basically always made the most sense.
        Even by endgame, the percentages on Sol-us made it just not worth attacking at all.
        I know it was my idea, but I find it odd that the easier of the metals to get (tin by attacking Polthia) is also the more valuable one vis-a-vis trading.  Not necessarily a problem.
        Because we're losing soldiers so fast, what is the number we're tracking for the IF?  End game soldiers, or total soldiers bought? (I think should be the latter)
    
    Section 5:
        The manpower numbers (you lost 30618 men) are far too high.  By like, a factor of 1000.
        Because manpower is tied directly to money, it kind of makes me not care about manpower (especially since its easier to have too much manpower than too much money).  I think if it was horribly unbalancedly expensive to buy more troops (so starting manpower is essential), it would feel better.
        What does land currently do?  In section 1 spirit derives from it, would make sense if something like that happened here again imo.
        Currently it's possible to swing really hard early on and then you just sit there in debt, but not actually worrying because your spirit and land are stupid high.  Some kind of increasing spirit decay if you're not pushing regularly might help (or land if we tie it to spirit gain/decay).
        Think natural manpower decay might be a bit too fast.

        Changes I'd make (in order of priority)
        I'd change manpower numbers, like keep everything the same but knock a few zeroes off.
        I'd have manpower decay much more slowly (but obviously take a hit on Russian raids), and buying it much more expesive (like a couple orders of magnitude), so managing manpower would have more emotional weight.
        I'd have the land decay rate increase inversely to the number of attacks in the last 60 seconds (to stop big early swings).
        I'd have spirit decay at a regular rate, but also have it rise by 1 per tick per land (so have the decay rate just over starting land).
        
X manpower -- change start to 1M
X decay between 1 and 20 per s 
X 500 per 5K 

X land decays at a rate of 0.4% per sec 

X spirit change is spirit + land - 120000

X spirit gain from raids removed 

Milo's final night notes:
    'Cancel roleplaying' isn't working, it's taking me to if I hadn't cancelled.
    Didn't notice any other bugs I didn't cause myself.
    Somehow, section 5 is too easy now.  Played it twice being 'stupid' and each time ended with almost 1mil spirit.  Proposed (and very thematic) nerf: reduce the amount of foreign aid each time it's given, I'd say by 5000.  Hammers home the 'how important foreign aid is' message.
    
